add_WAI3_and_bridge_guide (#72)
autonomys/developer_docs: pages/evm/faucet.mdx

   ![Faucet-2](/developers/Faucet-2.png)

You can request tAI3 tokens once every 24 hours.

## Official Web-Based Faucet

The **tAI3** testnet tokens can also be requested via the official web-based faucet: https://autonomysfaucet.xyz/

1. Proceed to the [Autonomys Faucet Website](https://autonomysfaucet.xyz/)

   ![Web-faucet](/developers/autonomysfaucet-1.png)

2. Connect your **GitHub** or **Discord** account to request tokens. 

You can request tAI3 tokens once every 24 hours.

## Unoffocial Web-Based Faucet

> Ambassadors-built web-faucet is available via the link: https://faucet.farmine.info/. Note: this is an official faucet, use at your discretion. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An ambassador-built web-faucet is available via the link: https://faucet.farmine.info/. Note: this is not an official faucet, use at your discretion. 
```

>    ![unoficial faucet](/developers/unnoficial-faucet-1.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ![unofficial faucet](/developers/unnoficial-faucet-1.png)
```
